Add draft doc for model interface (#7086)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/register-model.md

`version` | String | Required | The model version. |
`model_format` | String | Required | The portable format of the model file. Valid values are `TORCH_SCRIPT` and `ONNX`. |
`description` | String | Optional| The model description. |
`model_group_id` | String | Optional | The model group ID of the model group to register this model to. 

> `is_enabled`| Boolean | Specifies whether the model is enabled. Disabling the model makes it unavailable for Predict API requests, regardless of the model's deployment status. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: I see you removed this line from pretrained model. Does it mean user can't set is_enabled for pretrained model ?

> `model_group_id` | String | Optional | The model group ID of the model group to register this model to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`model_group_id` | String | Optional | The ID of the model group to which to register the model.
```

`model_content_hash_value` | String | Required | The model content hash generated using the SHA-256 hashing algorithm.
`url` | String | Required | The URL that contains the model. |
`description` | String | Optional| The model description. |

> `model_group_id` | String | Optional | The model group ID of the model group to register this model to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`model_group_id` | String | Optional | The ID of the model group to which to register this model.
```

`url` | String | Required | The URL that contains the model. |
`description` | String | Optional| The model description. |
`model_group_id` | String | Optional | The model group ID of the model group to register this model to. 
`is_enabled`| Boolean | Optional | Specifies whether the model is enabled. Disabling the model makes it unavailable for Predict API requests, regardless of the model's deployment status. Default is `true`.
`rate_limiter` | Object | Optional | Limits the number of times any user can call the Predict API on the model. For more information, see [Rate limiting inference calls]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/integrating-ml-models/#rate-limiting-inference-calls).

> `interface`| Object | Optional | The interface for the model. For more information, see [Interface](#the-interface-parameter).|

Author: Pre-trained you can only do update, fixed in register part.

`url` | String | Required | The URL that contains the model. |
`description` | String | Optional| The model description. |
`model_group_id` | String | Optional | The model group ID of the model group to register this model to. 
`is_enabled`| Boolean | Optional | Specifies whether the model is enabled. Disabling the model makes it unavailable for Predict API requests, regardless of the model's deployment status. Default is `true`.

> `rate_limiter` | Object | Optional | Limits the number of times any user can call the Predict API on the model. For more information, see [Rate limiting inference calls]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/integrating-ml-models/#rate-limiting-inference-calls).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rate_limiter` | Object | Optional | Limits the number of times that any user can call the Predict API on the model. For more information, see [Rate limiting inference calls]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/integrating-ml-models/#rate-limiting-inference-calls).
```

`connector` | Object | Required | Contains specifications for a connector for a model hosted on a third-party platform. For more information, see [Creating a connector for a specific model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/connectors/#creating-a-connector-for-a-specific-model). You must provide either `connector_id` or `connector`.
`description` | String | Optional| The model description. |
`model_group_id` | String | Optional | The model group ID of the model group to register this model to. 
`is_enabled`| Boolean | Optional | Specifies whether the model is enabled. Disabling the model makes it unavailable for Predict API requests, regardless of the model's deployment status. Default is `true`.

> `rate_limiter` | Object | Optional | Limits the number of times any user can call the Predict API on the model. For more information, see [Rate limiting inference calls]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/integrating-ml-models/#rate-limiting-inference-calls).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rate_limiter` | Object | Optional | Limits the number of times that any user can call the Predict API on the model. For more information, see [Rate limiting inference calls]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/integrating-ml-models/#rate-limiting-inference-calls).
```

#### Example response

OpenSearch responds with the `task_id`, task `status`, and `model_id`:

```json
{
    "task_id": "tsqvDY4BChVAiNVEuo8F",
    "status": "CREATED",
    "model_id": "t8qvDY4BChVAiNVEuo8q"
}
```

### The `interface` parameter

> The model interface provides a highly flexible way for adding arbitrary metadata annotations to all local deep-learning models and remote models in a JSON schema syntax. This annotation initiates a validation check on the input and output fields of the model during the model's invocation. The validation check ensures that the input and output fields are in the correct format before and after the model performs a prediction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The model interface provides a highly flexible way to add arbitrary metadata annotations to all local deep learning models and remote models in a JSON schema syntax. This annotation initiates a validation check on the input and output fields of the model during the model's invocation. The validation check ensures that the input and output fields are in the correct format both before and after the model performs a prediction.
```

To register a model with a model interface, provide the `interface` parameter, which supports the following fields.

Field | Data type | Description                         
:---  | :--- |:------------------------------------
`input`| Object | The JSON schema for the model input. |
`output`| Object | The JSON schema for the model output. |

> Input and output fields will be evaluated against the JSON schema provided separately. User does not necessarily need to provide both input and output fields simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The input and output fields will be evaluated against the separately provided JSON schema. You do not necessarily need to provide both input and output fields simultaneously.
```

> To learn more about the JSON schema syntax, see [Understanding JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about the JSON schema syntax, see [Understanding JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/).
```

#### Example response

OpenSearch responds with the `task_id`, task `status`, and `model_id`:

```json
{
    "task_id": "tsqvDY4BChVAiNVEuo8F",
    "status": "CREATED",
    "model_id": "t8qvDY4BChVAiNVEuo8q"
}
```

### The `interface` parameter

> Interface introduces a highly flexible way for adding arbitrary metadata annotations to all local DL models and remote models in JSON schema syntax. This annotation will initiate a validation check on the input and output fields of the model during model invocation. The validation check will ensure that the input and output fields are in the correct format before and after the model performs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The model interface provides a highly flexible way for adding arbitrary metadata annotations to all local deep-learning models and remote models in a JSON schema syntax. This annotation initiates a validation check on the input and output fields of the model during the model's invocation. The validation check ensures that the input and output fields are in the correct format before and after the model performs a prediction.
```

> To register a model with model interface, provide the `interface` parameter, which supports the following fields. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To register a model with a model interface, provide the `interface` parameter, which supports the following fields. 
```

> Input and output fields will be evaluated against the JSON schema provided separately. User does not necessarily need to provide both input and output fields simultaneously.

Reviewer 3: Let's move lines 332 and 334 underneath the table.

> User can check [JSON schema syntax doc](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/) to get more information about JSON schema syntax.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To learn more about the JSON schema syntax, see [Understanding JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/).
```
